"Beautiful, very gracious moment in our life. We are reflecting our beautiful nature, that we all
inherit it. That's what we are reflecting, trying to regal our mind, trying to polish it, and
bright up and shine that to benefit ourselves, to all the beings, according to the instruction,
teaching of the Buddha Kedamani, as well as the Gopin Masamala.
All the lineage masters that they taught, we are following in their footsteps with the best cover
of a job, an appreciation, and a devotion, and humility, or the humblest, where we follow that. And
that is again wonderful and beautiful.
And for that reason, again, the Dharma practicing is, the Dharma practicing is the practicing of
the mind, focused on the mind, not focused too much on the body, not too much focused on the mind,
sorry, speech, focused on the mind.
Why is that? Because when you, when we are focusing, working with mind, naturally it will reflect
to the body and speech. So therefore, we are cultivating the mind, call it mind.
When you call it mind, revert as beautiful, calm, peaceful, soothing, and calming, and nice, and
wonderful, and naturally it will reflect to the body, it will reflect to the speech.
So now we are going to the root of the root of the cause, all how we will make change, and how we
make to glorify that.
For that reason, every teaching, all the time said at the beginning, not teaching, practice two,
practice teaching, every practice, we should always correct our motivations.
Motivation is the instrumental, motivation is the ground, motivation is the fundamental, where we
like to change our direction and our vision.
We don't change our motivation, our direction will be not changed. It's not going to make any big
difference. Therefore, motivation is so important.
For that reason, we correct our motivation. What we should, again, that means what? We have so many
motivations.
There are billions of trillions of motivations that really has all of them. But among that,
something beautiful, beneficial, good for me, good for other beings,
that is what we do, activate that motivation. And that motivation starts with joy and appreciation.
Joy and appreciation is the dawn of enlightenment, the dawn of the Buddha's nature, the dawn of the
self-born primordial awareness or primordial wisdom.
So joy and appreciation. We have so many reasons, we have so many good causes and conditions to
bring joy and appreciation.
Every day, start a precious day. Every day is, in a way, new life. Every time is beautiful moment.
We should be grateful, grateful, thankful, grateful. And that is the beginning of the practices.
Read that thought, and then, the both each other. Comparing the thought for all living beings,
there are always vastness, motivation of the both each other, every living being.
And then, to get ready, we are already understanding of the Dokki teaching as expoundant.
The entire universe, the world, is totally in a three-kind manner, so bring that qualities.
There are no realizations, because we are really going to practice the Dokki teaching.
Practice that, so that means there is something, not something that we don't have in the outside,
we are trying to get that.
That is not the case in the Dokki teaching. We have all, everything is inherited, every beautiful,
everything is inherited.
We did not recognize. We completely cover up by our own mistakes.
Today, we have discovered that beautiful nature.
For that reason, we strengthen that beautiful understanding of the realization of Dokki teaching as
three-kind mandalas.
So those are known as the motivations. With those motivations, then we go to the Dokki teaching.